[Storybook] RTE migration to storybook 8 (#5001)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook8/stories/Components/SendBox/RichTextSendBox/Docs.mdx

## Importing

```ts
import { RichTextSendBox } from '@azure/communication-react';
```

## Example

<Canvas of={RichTextSendBoxStories.RichTextSendBoxSnippetDocsOnly} source={{ code: RichTextSendBoxExampleText }} />

## Add a system message

To add a system message, use the systemMessage property like in the example below.

<Canvas
  of={RichTextSendBoxStories.RichTextSendBoxWithSystemMessageSnippetDocsOnly}
  source={{ code: RichTextSendBoxWithSystemMessageExampleText }}
/>

## Display File Uploads

<DetailedBetaBanner />
RichTextSendBox component provides UI for displaying AttachmentMetadataInProgress in the RichTextSendBox. This allows
developers to implement a file sharing feature using the pure UI component with minimal effort. Developers can write
their own attachment upload logic and utilize the UI provided by RichTextSendBox.
<Canvas
  of={RichTextSendBoxStories.RichTextSendBoxAttachmentUploadsSnippetDocsOnly}
  source={{ code: RichTextSendBoxAttachmentUploadsExampleText }}
/>

## Enable Inserting Inline Images

> The RichTextSendBox component provides an `onInsertInlineImage` callback to handle an inline image that is inserted into the RichTextSendBox component. This callback can be used to implement custom logic, such as uploading the image to a server. After processing each inserted image in the callback, the results should be passed back to the component through the `inlineImages` prop. This prop will be used to render inline images in the RichTextSendBox and send them with the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The RichTextSendBox component provides an `onInsertInlineImage` callback to handle each inline image that is
        inserted into the editor. When not provided, pasting images into the rich text editor will be disabled. This
        callback can be used to manipulate the imageAttributes src URL (which is a local blob URL), and implement any
        other custom logic. After processing each inserted image in the callback, the results should be passed back to
        the component through the `inlineImagesWithProgress` prop. This prop will be used to render the error bar to the
        end user. Note that for the error of content exceeds the maximum length, the `id` and `url` props provided in
        the `inlineImagesWithProgress` will be used in the calculation to achieve a more accurate result. The content
        provided in the `onSendMessage` does not contain any information from the `inlineImagesWithProgress`. To add or
        replace image attributes, manually parse the HTML content and update the image attributes. After an inline image
        is removed from the editor, the `onRemoveInlineImage` callback will be triggered. At this point, the image is
        already removed from the UI and the local blob of the image has already been revoked. This callback can be used
        to implement custom logic such as deleting the image from the server. When inserting images between text, images
        will be on the same line as the text. If you wish to change this behavior so that each image is always on a new
        line, you can set the display property to block for all image tags. For certain Android devices, pasting of a
        single image is only supported by long pressing on the rich text editor and choosing paste. Selecting from the
        clipboard view from keyboard may not be supported.
```
